Fix dependency on redis-cli and redis-server to pass tests (#3014)
valkey-io/valkey-glide: python/DEVELOPER.md

# Running tests
---

Ensure you have installed `valkey-server` and `valkey-cli` on your host (or `redis-server` and `redis-cli`). 

> You can find the Valkey installation guide at the following link: [Valkey Installation Guide](https://valkey.io/topics/installation/).

Reviewer: same, why not
```suggestion
See the [Valkey installation guide](https://valkey.io/topics/installation/) to install the Valkey server and CLI.
```
